README.md, before:

# Integer Comparison Macros
C implementation of C++ Utility functions https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/utility/intcmp

## `cmp_equal`, `cmp_not_equal`, `cmp_less`, `cmp_greater`, `cmp_less_equal`, `cmp_greater_equal`

In the synopses in this subclause, integer indicates that the argument shall be an expression of real integer type:

```c
bool cmp_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_not_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_less(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_greater(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_less_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_greater_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
```

Compare the values of two integers `lhs` and `rhs`. Unlike builtin comparison operators, negative signed integers always compare "less than" (and "not equal to") unsigned integers: the comparison is safe against lossy integer conversion.

```c
-1 > 0u; // true
std::cmp_greater(-1, 0u); // false
```
 
It is a compile-time error if either `lhs` or `rhs` is not a signed or unsigned integer type (including standard integer type and extended integer type). It is also a compile-time error if the either `lhs` or `rhs` is the `char` and `bool` type.  While technically integer types, the `char` type should only be used to represent character values where the signedness is unimportant and the 'bool' type is always unsigned.   

```c
cmp_greater_equal(1.0, -1.0) ? puts("true") : puts("false"); // type double, doesn't compile
cmp_greater((char)-1, (char)1) ? puts("true") : puts("false"); // type char, doesn't compile
cmp_greater((_Bool)0, (_Bool)1) ? puts("true") : puts("false"); // type _Bool, doesn't compile
```

## Parameters
`lhs` - left-hand argument

`rhs` - right-hand argument

## Return value

`cmp_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is equal to `rhs`.

`cmp_not_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is not equal to `rhs`.

`cmp_less` returns `true` if `lhs` is less than `rhs`.

`cmp_greater` returns `true` if `lhs` is greater than `rhs`.

`cmp_less_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is less or equal to `rhs`.

`cmp_greater_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is greater or equal to `rhs`.

Commit message:

Add CMP_INT_WANT_PORTABLE as a macro for obtaining a portable interface
By default, we will use compiler extensions for this functionality so
that users are protected against side effects in macro arguments. But
this macro allows users to opt into a more dangerous interface that is
portable to more compilers.

README.md, after:

# Integer Comparison Macros
C implementation of C++ Utility functions https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/utility/intcmp

## Portability
Define the `CMP_INT_WANT_PORTABLE` macro to `1` to get the most portable implementation of these facilities. This portability comes at a cost though: compiler extensions are what protect against unintended duplicate side effects in the macro expansion. For this reason, the macro defaults to requesting the nonportable interfaces.

These interfaces require compiling with support for C11 functionality, even when requesting maximal portability.

## `cmp_equal`, `cmp_not_equal`, `cmp_less`, `cmp_greater`, `cmp_less_equal`, `cmp_greater_equal`

In the synopses in this subclause, integer indicates that the argument shall be an expression of real integer type:

```c
bool cmp_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_not_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_less(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_greater(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_less_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
bool cmp_greater_equal(integer lhs, integer rhs);
```

Compare the values of two integers `lhs` and `rhs`. Unlike builtin comparison operators, negative signed integers always compare "less than" (and "not equal to") unsigned integers: the comparison is safe against lossy integer conversion.

```c
-1 > 0u; // true
std::cmp_greater(-1, 0u); // false
```
 
It is a compile-time error if either `lhs` or `rhs` is not a signed or unsigned integer type (including standard integer type and extended integer type). It is also a compile-time error if the either `lhs` or `rhs` is the `char` and `bool` type.  While technically integer types, the `char` type should only be used to represent character values where the signedness is unimportant and the 'bool' type is always unsigned.   

```c
cmp_greater_equal(1.0, -1.0) ? puts("true") : puts("false"); // type double, doesn't compile
cmp_greater((char)-1, (char)1) ? puts("true") : puts("false"); // type char, doesn't compile
cmp_greater((_Bool)0, (_Bool)1) ? puts("true") : puts("false"); // type _Bool, doesn't compile
```

## Parameters
`lhs` - left-hand argument

`rhs` - right-hand argument

## Return value

`cmp_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is equal to `rhs`.

`cmp_not_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is not equal to `rhs`.

`cmp_less` returns `true` if `lhs` is less than `rhs`.

`cmp_greater` returns `true` if `lhs` is greater than `rhs`.

`cmp_less_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is less or equal to `rhs`.

`cmp_greater_equal` returns `true` if `lhs` is greater or equal to `rhs`.
